stream I'm just going to implement a
couple of bu
built-ins
uh so we're going to implement map on
the Kernel side and then we're going to
implement Nest
list
uh and that's just just just because so
let
uh uh this is going to be not that it's
going to be
this um
stop
complaining then
um
um let's go to the docks
too
is there a case where it's not a
list
right again it goes to
values okay so let's not add an
assertion that it's a list U let me
check my volume too all right my volume
looks good
um
okay yeah for
um okay we want to say
um
uh oh we want this to be
a all right let's use
our
to
push
uh oh yeah wait hold
on
is that
wrong oh yeah also another thing coming
I think I might add Jupiter notebook
support
um pretty cool it doesn't seem like
it'll be that hard um all right so let's
let's try this oh
yeah
oh yeah
um
okay
cool um blah blah blah blah blah we want
to do map F list list a b c list one two
three list Fab okay so that's perfect
that's what we
want
yeah I feel like I'm
cheating but
uh
what
what what do we want to do we want to do
Sim Nest
list what the
heck
okay then
here
um
cool
um let's let's just make sure that we
got this
right
yep then oh wait hold
on why do we need eyes
size N1 what the is
that
um what happens if we try to put uh
why can't I copy this I hate
that it's really
annoying and it removes the spaces so
whatever if FL
exper
in uh count
n what does it return does it return
null or fail it Returns the original
expression
okay what is this
thing fix this to be zero to
count and it should it be
zero this wrong here says
expected
integer
to can I do
that all right let's
try W build time is being kind of
annoying I wonder what that is oh I
don't know it's still kind of annoying
all right Nest list
FX let's do
three x FX FFX okay cool all right so
that's nice we implemented
it all
right
um
most important
interel
related
functions
and timing could be
cool
um no that's not what I wanted at all
okay all right so we
added
that let's make sure that
uh there's no way this doesn't work
yeah
I feel like Trace is probably the
biggest feature that I
want it plays the before and after and
then the final result or something
something yeah man oh
jeez is that just a filter that just you
just do it after you could I mean I
probably they optimized it but
uh hold all no yeah it is hold
on could I give it does it does uh does
it
evaluate it takes a mutable
pointer but if I pass the expression to
evaluate it's going to do the whole
thing
so I don't think that that's what we
want and also I don't even think we oops
I don't even think
we
how does it work
bro
cuz Trace would be the coolest thing
man okay before each evaluation step
Mathematica checks whether the
expression or any of its subp parts
would be
captured as for the options yeah so for
me I'm not going to have any options yet
the expression fits the criteria
captures a snapshot of
it
Trace would be such a cool ass function
to have man we'll have to do a trace day
where we go in
and
I'm going to add an issue about that
because Trace would be the coolest
function
for
um
okay
oh yeah tests you you
me um
okay
enigmatic
um
slash
at replaces the
head what happens if you give it an
atom apply list to a does it just return
itself yeah wait
no
h replaces the head of what
happens
what does it say
about applying to yeah okay so all right
that's fine should be pretty easy to I
feel like level spec is probably a big
deal it seems like level spec is a
pretty big thing of
consistency all right I'm going to start
moving all these things to
issues
uh
head length part level depth
I love this you're just playing with
symbols it's so
cool
uh
okay that's
cool so we want to change this to just
say level
okay slowly we'll get to all of
these um all right what else do we have
we have
flatten okay let's look at the cases for
flatten
I feel like some of these it does make
sense to just put it on the Kernel
side just so that we can start to use
the
language
oh
interesting
okay yeah thread is
cool
cases would be
nice
how does cases do on a nested level oh
and where's
position
predicates
Ah that's just forwarding GMP I
guess to implement even Q short would be
nice I'm obviously not going to
implement my own sorting I feel like
that's
lame cases so what happens in the nested
case cases doesn't
recurse
right that makes sense
actually I love that you don't need it
to be a list like it'll still return the
same thing that's so
nice and then a special case on
Association that's
fine okay Okay cool so I feel like I
have a good sort of cue of things to
implement on the Kernel side um now we
have Nest list so
um oh yeah we
don't
cool
all right I think that's it uh I want to
go play basketball so okay so we
implemented some basic map but we need
to we need to on the Kernel side
Implement better tools for tri indexing
and stuff like that so we can just do
a level spec across the
board all right we implemented two
functions that are going to be needed
for cellular automa and uh map is just
generally
useful